refactor: clarify API server rate limiting (#876)
loft-sh/vcluster-docs: vcluster/configure/vcluster-yaml/control-plane/components/distro/k8s.mdx

- `--max-requests-inflight`: Maximum number of non-mutating requests (GET, LIST) that can be served at the same time. Default is 400.
- `--max-mutating-requests-inflight`: Maximum number of mutating requests (POST, PUT, PATCH, DELETE) that can be served at the same time. Default is 200.

:::note Impact on host cluster requests

> The `--max-requests-inflight` and `--max-mutating-requests-inflight` flags impact the number of requests to the host cluster only indirectly. With the exception of Service creation, all resource creation is handled by the syncer asynchronously, and it self-throttles at 40 QPS by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--max-requests-inflight` and `--max-mutating-requests-inflight` flags only indirectly affect the number of requests sent to the host cluster. With the exception of Service creation, vCluster handles all resource creation asynchronously through the syncer, which self-throttles at a default rate of 40 QPS.
```
